Twitter Integration | fixed issue where `created_at` param includes spaces (#15667)
demisto/content: Packs/Twitter/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Twitter

> - Fixed issue where `created_at` parameter included spaces causing a 400 response error when attempting to run the `twitter-get-user-info` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the ***twitter-get-user-info*** command where the *created_at* parameter included spaces which failed the command.
```
